Docs: Add a note about Loki labels format (#11597)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/get-started/labels/_index.md

>
> Note: The colons are reserved for user defined recording rules. They should not be used by exporters or direct instrumentation.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> Any other unsupported character in the label should be converted to an underscore. For example, the label `app.kubernetes.io/name` should be written as `app_kubernetes_io_name`

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Unsupported characters in the label should be converted to an underscore. For example, the label `app.kubernetes.io/name` should be written as `app_kubernetes_io_name`
```

Author: Sounds good, thanks for the suggestion @JoaoBraveCoding :)
